DEVOPS ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

You Must Have:
? 4+ years of DevOps Engineering or similar software engineering role in build automation and continuous deployments
? 3+ years of DevOps Engineering in AWS Cloud platform
? 3+ years of experience with CI/CD & Infrastructure as a Code like AWS CloudFormation, Ansible, Terraform
? 2+ years of experience with Linux infrastructures, Shell Scripting Languages (bash, Python, JavaScript, etc.)
? 2+ years of experience in Containerization Tools like Docker & Kubernetes
? 2+ years of experience in configuring & setting up of Jenkins Pipelines as a Code
? 2+ years of experience with AWS tools such as, S3, Glue, Aurora, RDS, EC2, EMR, Redshift, ECS, SageMaker, Lambda Functions, AMI, VPC and SAML Roles & Policies
? Multiple experiences implementing solutions for advance analytics using open source & AWS based solutions
? Ability to collaborate with management, users, contract resources, vendors, and other IT teams
? Strong problem-solving capabilities. Results oriented. Relies on fact-based logic for decision-making.
? Ability to work with multiple projects and work streams at one time. Must be able to deliver results based upon project deadlines.
? Willing to flex daily work schedule to allow for time-zone differences for global team communications
? Strong interpersonal and communication skills


Required Skills:

4+ year of hands-on in DevOps Automations, architecting, building, deploying, and maintaining customer facing applications at scale in an innovative engineering environment.
? Hands on experience in developing the Python code for the automation. Experience with Java is a plus.
? Fluency at the UNIX Shell / BASH including Basic text manipulations and system performance analysis utilities.
? Experience in managing big data Platforms, Cloud PaaS, IaaS and SaaS
? SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases and managing them is a Plus.
Administration, Configuration Management and Automation (IaC):
o Knowledge on Ansible ? create, maintain, and run Ansible playbooks (tasks, handlers, conditionals, loops and registers)
o You have experience in describing the infrastructure configuration as a code with Terraform with the usage of different providers.

Software Engineering:

You have knowledge of
? Common API concepts and standards as well as aspects of data storage, service status and session handling
? How to develop and deploy with CI/CD pipelines. Jenkins or GitHub Actions experience is a Plus
? Deployment best practices and strategies.
? The Twelve-Factor app methodology

Architecture of the infrastructure:

? Experience in building and running production systems utilizing microservices and distributed systems architecture at scale.
? You have a background in workload based on cloud-based system with at least one of the leading public cloud platforms (GCP/AWS/Azure)
? Should know data structures, data modelling, and database management systems
? Understand the tools serving different purposes in the pipeline, including Continuous Integration, Configuration management, Deployment automation, Containers, Infrastructure Orchestration, Monitoring and Analytics, Testing, Code Quality tools and Network Protocols.
? Experience in administration of Informatica CDC, Kafka, Apache Spark, Storm and Flink is a Plus
Container and Machine Deployment:
? You have working experience with containers and orchestrators:
? You know how to build and operate Docker containers ? architecture, construction, and optimization.
? You have experience with defining and manage applications that operate on orchestration platforms ? Kubernetes, Rancher
? Experience with service-mesh architecture is a plus.

